sigma came out with a new spring in 2011, the sigma 12 to 24 millimeters
it is a very special people anp de bilt corner I shot very well
the means that you can get a lot on a photo
to find out the possibilities of these special people strength desired
the Amsterdammers and never board the sea in the west comes farm to
put
say twelve square meters is compactly built, it is lightweight
without a doubt smooth
with that very easily
in short, lots of fun to work with
this camera in that sense is quite small
but when i made a picture this sigma becomes a giant ballroom
an important characteristic of orléans is the bias that wants that
the straight line as straight lines
To find out the sema suffers from beijing as the last supper
for the feathers
the result is immediately clear you see here
bias
this straight line
berkshire hathaway midfielder
Yes
The photo of this beautiful cabinet shows you that the corners are very dark then
sigma suffers from light waste
when you look at photos made changes often
center is very sharp
and it doesn't matter if I don't join the twelve or someone
also it makes thanks made for this the boil made
but the angle it is unclear or less sharp and that is a pity
The visible has a suggested retail price of one thousand euros, which is a lot of money
but you get a lot in return
nice people the pmi rough image
that become a big one
disadvantages these people too
less sharp corners and some distorted and light
an image angle that is very large
a very suitable one